**DAY 6(30/06/2025)**

1) Today we explored the difference between Artificial Intelligence, Machine Learning and Deep Learning:-
   i. **Artificial Intelligence** is a branch of computer science that is concerned with building smart and intelligent machines.
   ii. **Machine learning** is a subset of AI that can learn data by themselves without being explicitly programmed. We just give it the data and we don't need to do anything else, it can find the patterns and learn from itself.
   iii. **Deep Learning** is a subfield of ML that uses Neural Networks to learn from the data. These artificial neural networks are modeled from the neurons present in our human brain. There are different layers in these neural networks - the first layer is an input layer, then there are several hidden layers and then there is an output layer.

 2) Then we discussed about the types of Machine Learning:-
    i. **Supervised Learning:** In this, the ML algorithm learns from Labelled data. For example, a machine learning model has to see an image and recognize whether the image represents an apple or a mango. So, we give several images of apples and mangoes and we tell the model that these images belong to apples and these are the images of mangoes(these are called as labels) and then we feed this labelled dataset to our model. Then, our model tries to find the patterns between these images and once it has learned from the data, then it can correctly recognize whether the image represents an apple or a mango.
    ii. Unsupervised Learning: In this, the ML algorithm learns from Unlabelled data. For example, we will give several images of apples and mangoes to our model but we won't tell that these images belong to apple or mango. So, our model tries to find patterns and it groups the images into group one and group two. So, when a new image of an apple or a mango is given to the model, it tells us whether it belongs to the group one(apples) or group two(mangoes).
    iii. Reinforcement Learning: It is concerned with how intelligent agents take actions in an environment to maximise its rewards. There are four main aspects in reinforcement learning i.e Environment, Agent, Action and Reward. For example, we want to make a computer program that can play chess like a human being, so here the chess board becomes the environment, the computer becomes the agent and the actions represents the move the computer takes. In the environment of chessboard, our agent which is the computer tries to take actions and for each step it gets a reward. The ultimate reward is winning the chess game.
